Сustomizing Electric Bolt Arcs (#1088)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/Fixed-or-Improved-Logics.md

Bolt.Disable3=false    ; boolean
```

### Customizable ElectricBolt Arcs

- By default, Electric Bolt has 8 Arcs. Now it can be customized per weapon with `IsElectricBolt=yes`. Zero value draws straight line.

In `rulesmd.ini`:
```ini
[SOMEWEAPONTYPE]       ; WeaponType

> IsElectricBolt=true    ; an ElectricBolt Weapon, vanilla tag
> Bolt.Arcs=32

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IsElectricBolt=true    ; boolean, vanilla tag
Bolt.Arcs=8            ; integer, number of arcs in a bolt
```
